Ladies and gentlemen, dear customer, team grit welcomes you to our project plan presentation of our programming course submission system.
My name is Marcel Hiller and I will present you this plan together with my colleague Gabriel Einsdorf.
*
Here a short overview about what you can expect in the future 15 minutes.
At first, I will present you our team members and the assigned roles of each.
Then Gabriel will give you a short overview about our product, the organization of our project  and the methodologies we are using.
Afterwards, I will inform you about our future milestones, followed by an elaboration of our processes and techniques by Gabriel.
At the end, I will showcase you our conception of the degree of customer inclusion in our product.
*
Our team is named Team grit or short Grit.
Here you can see our beautiful logo, designed by David, thank you very much.
**
This is our team, now I will introduce all the team members to you
**
First of all, we have our project manager Marvin Gülzow.
He is our team leader and organises the efficient distribution of work.
 
Next we have Gabriel Einsdorf, our infrastructure manager and scrum Master.He makes sure that our infrastructure, our tools and our agile development processes runs smoothly.

David Kolb is one of our Developers, and as our logo illustrates  he is also  a talented graphic artist.
**

Eike Heinz doesn't produce ketchup but instead excellent code for our team.
He is mainly responsible for the I/O parts of our product.

Fabian Marquart not only develops the graphical user interface, he also designs it.
Furthermore he works on the communication back end of our product.

I am still Marcel Hiller, besides my devlopment work I also create documentation and presentation materials.
**
Next is Stephano Woerner our Domain Expert and Web developer.
He has first hand experience with our target domain, allowing us to better understand what our customer needs. He is also our expert for web technologies.

Last but not least is Thomas  Schmidt, besides writing code he is rigorously testing our code base to ensure that it meets our quality standards.
**

MILESTONES

We have allready passed our first milestone which was the delivery of our desogn proposals on friday the second.

We will present the results of our first sprint, concretely our first prototype and a design mockup, tomorrow.

Then we will evaluate this prototype with the customer and we will base our further development on the results of this meeting.
	
Furthermore  We will deliver an improved prototype every two weeks!!

The final product will be delivered on 2014-07-16
 
Next Gabriel will show you how we plan to archieve our goals and which  processes and techniques we will use for that.
**

customer inclusion:

We highly value the integration of our customer into our development process. 
The customer will receive a release of PCSS after each sprint cycle.
grit then determines together with the customer which features should be implemented next.


